<!--ex21.md-->

#Data Types
* int: Stores a regular integer, defaulting to 32 bits in size
* double:  Holds a large floating point number
* float: Holds a smaller floating point number
* char: holds a single 1 byte character
* void: Indicates "no type" and is used to say a function returns nothing, or a pointer has not type, as in `void *thing`
* enum: Enumerated types, work as integers, convert to integers, but give you symbolic names for sets. Some compilers will warn you when you don't cover all elements an enum in switch-statements.

#Type Modifiers
* unsigned: Changes the type so that it does not have negative numbers, giving you a larger upper bound but nothing lower than 0.
* signed: Gives you negative and positive numbers but halves your upper bound in exchange for the same lower bound negative
* short: Uses smaller storage for the type so it stores less, but takes half the space

#Type Qualifiers
* const: Indicates teh variable won't change after being initialized
* volatile: Indicates that all bets are off, and the compiler should leave this alone and try not to do any fancy optimizations on it.
* register: Forces the compiler to keep this variable in a register, and the compiler can just ignore you. 

#Type Conversion
Types are converted according to the following hierarchy (types at the top have precedence):
1. long double
2. double
3. float
4. int
5. long

As a rule, always promote up, never promote down.

#Type Sizes
Defined in stdint.h
* int8_t: 8 bit signed integer
* uint8_t: 8 bit unsigned integer
* int16_t: 16 bit signed integer
* uint16_t: 16 bit unsigned integer
* int32_t: 32 bit signed integer
* uint32_t: 32 bit unsigned integer
* int64_t: 64 bit signed integer
* uint64_t: 64 bit unsigned integer

This pattern is repeated for macros that return the maximum value of these types:
* INT(N)\_MAX: Maximum positive number of the signed integer of bits (N)
* INT(N)\_MIN: Minimum negative number of signed integer bits of (N).
* UINT(N)\_MAX: Maximum positive number of unsigned integer of bits (N). Since it's unsigned the minimum is 0 and can't have a negative value.
* int_least(N)\_t: holds at least (N) bits.
* uint_least(N)\_t: holds at least (N) bits unsigned.
* INT_LEAST(N)\_MAX: Max value of the matching least (N) type
* INT_LEAST(N)\_MIN: Min value of the matching least(N) type























